It is an animal this Monday's video this week is a first shot a little
I've uploaded a video that says the memory of the iphone is 1 gb
The
In fact, while I continue to buy Maazu 1 gig is a little going to sleep
It is often you feel Yappa
Especially because there are lots of games in
Meho If that happens also is exiting youngest star kana next year is that it 's such a hope in the 2 Giga
It may not be the opinion of many people
3 gig is good, though
Two eyes two first entered unless high hit Dragon Quest Dragon Quest iii
It's I'm like most while I series Is it finally
And immediately download had appeared as a Concerning Copyrights are playing Chimachima still big
Is it Dave?
Toka are saving money and want to buy armor now iron entered the Kazabu
Is Dragon Quest iii even I No, even if Fuku such information is very interesting
So it might be a little better with videos
It's a dice, but it has become an introduction video of the game in a row in a row
that Sakazu was Sakaguchi OsamuHiroshi who produced ff radish was developed
App called Peabatoru also been playing together now
This is the number to download
Download starter that new event or song is added each time it increases
This patronage is black raise Pooh cat videos have lameness 200,000 downloads say
I wonder if long nose is turned up hot
A few messages in the middle of the notice and the event seems to have been added
Contains
Even as a game, originality is low, but it is extremely high
I like it like a new one of the 4th Nintendo 3ds out of the individual.
October 11
A little catalog for the companion
I Usan What I am allowed to brief your description of the newly added function that 3
dsll new person going to a little book one time
Was a little forgo form this time I'd had to do
About 2 months ago, I bought a 3 dsll jibanyan model.
It's not working so much, but my daughters often use it, but by the way
The smartphone game is more efficient
Because 3 ds as a portable game console is not used so much
Mesumaku can wear to
Because I'm doing something with Goddess Reincarnation
But I think that's a good girl design is also pretty be owned to have satisfaction high for the
So I got 4 videos this week
Yes Today is a free talk about this tobama iphone camera
I would like to talk about the camera and Africa
I have shot has also continued for about a year and a half towards the reference video Te taken now I when to shoot it roughly
I often single lens camera Tteyuu leverage of nx No. r take in this movie of 3
Though
I just went out recently, but I put a link on the 3rd channel of the West Building a bit below
In the second channel, I often take pictures when I go out like this
With this kind of camera you can hold it firmly and take it and transfer it to a computer for editing
Because there are many, usability is not good at all, and it is response that is said that it is easy to use convenience
When
Iphone of still cats but I might have a little talk even before or until Ogawa
6 plus
Look because this is better Gananbo Kaage that Neto' here is very easy to use it
Well look I'm not always clean special image quality but I think that can be seen if you can
If you go out with only this image quality, you can shoot with this
And here it is among the ime ime this is the most major guy iphone
In such a way as I now cat iphone 6 plus is I made a four videos
At the time it was going out
Even now, it works amazing and works seamlessly but it looks like this
Video you make crowded immediately put ne ne crispy crunchy
It You can only also or in Dema simple music put or Toka ticker
Back to home Well because with respect to the came out upload it is necessary to wi-fi environment
You can connect to the internet even if it is good or convenience store Money 7 or something
wi-fi connect it Tteyuu upload
You or did try was recently released it after day gold video editing app whopping
I of here certainly Kana Amaya's English was only ah
I'm not dealing with adobe in iphone version but adobe's
Video Toka in cooperation with adobe club can work with the cloud
I do not know even if there I kana Germany fiddle Toka thing in the middle of
However
After all, come the day When was I making a video is easy to operate in the most in it that iphone
I felt it
Sound or app Toka gold a 5-size However Tteyuu do not know well some of the of the people at the time of Well
I may not be able to do it, but after all I thought if it was easy with iphone
This
imob is the best
Easy to do
I think that the more practical is the video editing application now also on android smartphone
Since the supposed there was to say I only with I introduced the Gex
So take a video with your smartphone
Because it is very interesting to edit the meeting and upload it, do not use it
Please try it now
You don't really need to have another PC
Video and I eventually I and I'm sure I can continue it or posted are doing well such that the personal computer
You may be tempted to edit something a bit more elaborate, though
If only 8 iphone smart phones today in the fact that
Video shooting and memories videos
Youtube video I did a lot of other things that I could talk about
I think are you in my real world to real that it do you most shoot in iphone
Than a much
In this way, people in the world channels other than the main channel were also interested.
By there is with your viewing please not in today moon or something like this is
But it next to it was buying and selling